[minor] Update IDE setup guide, to apply Save Actions only to Java files (#14559)
apache/flink: docs/flinkDev/ide_setup.md

5. Install the [Save Actions
   plugin](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/7642-save-actions)
6. Enable the plugin, along with "Optimize imports" and "Reformat file"

> 7. Make sure to configure "Save Actions" to only run on Java files. Otherwise you will get unintended reformatting in other files you edit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. In the "Save Actions"settings page, setup a "File Path Inclusion" for `.*\.java` to only run on Java files. Otherwise you will get unintended reformatting in other files you edit.
```
